# AbstractXsdTypes

This package contains abstract types and generic functions used by the output of the `XsdToStruct` package.

## Restrictions

The types defined in XSD documents often have restrictions on what data they can contain. The implementations of these restriction checks are contained in this package. Note that not all possible restrictions are implemented yet.

## Defaults

This package also provides a `defaults` function for handling specified default values of XSD types. The generic implementation will return an empty `NamedTuple`. But, if there are defaults specified in the XSD file for a particular type the output of `XsdToStruct` will contain a `defaults` function that returns a `NamedTuple` which maps the field name to its default value.

## Naive conversion

There are also some naive conversion functions included with this package. These give a "best effort" generic conversion of one type generated by XsdToStruct into another one. For example, a common use case is when an two XSD files describe compatible data types for certain particular elements but are otherwise completely different. You might have a function available written for the data type of the first schema but want to use it on data loaded from an XML file that follows the second schema. You will not be able to parse the complete XML file using the types of the first schema and a function call on the data loaded using the second schema will not dispatch to the correct function. With the naive `convert` function included in this package you can load the data of the XML and then try to convert the compatible subfield into the type from the first schema, which will then dispatch correctly.